[OSDOCS#21750] Fix MicroShift JTBD Vale errors (#118859)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-rpm-ostree-updates.adoc

> To begin a {microshift-short} update by embedding the new version in a {op-system-ostree} image, use the procedures in the following documentation:

Reviewer: Need to remove/reword with the link moved. Something like:

```suggestion
To begin a {microshift-short} update by embedding the new version in a {op-system-ostree} image, use the procedures in "Applying updates on a RHEL for Edge system".
```

> To understand more about greenboot, see the following documentation:

Reviewer: Need to remove/reword with the link moved. Something like:

```suggestion
To understand more about greenboot, see "The greenboot health check framework".
```
